Work Daily Log.md, before:

---
editor-width: 
aliases: []
status: 
tags:
  - Log_WorkLog
  - PCORnet_Projects_DSpace
title: Work Daily Log
date created: Monday, July 8th 2024, 9:16:08 am
date modified: Monday, July 8th 2024, 5:17:56 pm
---

## 2024-07-08-Monday Work Log

> [!quote] The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
> — Napoleon Hill

<< [[2024-07-07-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[Work Daily Log|Tomorrow]] >>

_Remember to set any web blocker app (e.g. RescueTime) to Focus Mode to avoid distractions._

_Use cmd+shift+L to switch Periodic Notes Calendar Sets._

---

### Schedule

- [View Work Calendar Here](https://outlook.office.com/calendar/view/week)
- [View Personal Calendar Here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r)

---

## Unfinished Tasks

> [!note]- From Daily Notes
> ```tasks
> not done
> path includes CHOP PCORnet Team/Daily Notes
> limit 5
> created before today
> # explain
> ```

> [!todo]- Work TODO
> ```tasks
> not done
> (path includes CHOP PCORnet Team/) AND (path does not include CHOP PCORnet Team/Quick Access/General Kanban.md) AND (path does not include CHOP PCORnet Team/Daily Notes/)
> # limit 5
> # explain
> ```

---

## [[Work Daily Log|Last Friday's]] EOD Review

![[Work Daily Log#End of Day Review|2024-07-05-Friday > End of Day Review]]

## Log

### 2024-07-08 9:23:42am

Wow. [Looks like I did a lot last week](https://dspace-org.slack.com/archives/C3V628QNN/p1720215840715069?thread_ts=1720207152.337519&cid=C3V628QNN). Damn.

![[./docs/assets/img/Pasted image 20240708092436.png|Pasted image 20240708092436.png]]

Okay well. Guess I gotta go on with the dang thing. The darn stuff. I feel like a zombie right now. Normally I'm fine with just 5 hours of sleep but right now I am still waking up.

## End of Day Review

I fixed the backend. It was simpler than expected.

Now I'm trying an overly-complicated way of merging the frontend upgrades with the customizations. Basically tomorrow I need to do another dry run, add all of the changes made in the new version, pop the stash and overwrite the files. This was too complicated though. Maybe it's going to make upgrading PEDSpace easier.

Here's the [CGPT Thread](https://chatgpt.com/c/e59b02ae-b27a-46ca-b2f0-54e480762faf).

- [x] Complete the EOD Review ➕ 2024-07-08 (@2024-07-08 04:45pm) ✅ 2024-07-08

---

## Index

### Notes Labeled \#TODO



### Notes Created Today



### Notes Last Touched Today

Commit message:

[skip netlify] PUBLISHER #2
* PUSH NOTE : Unified DSpace Project Log.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-07-09-Tuesday.md

* PUSH NOTE : Metadata Item Mapping.md

* PUSH NOTE : Internal DSpace Re-skin Project (PEDSpace).md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-05-30 Project Round Up.md

* PUSH NOTE : Meetings.md

* PUSH NOTE : Meeting Notes.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-05-30-Thursday.md

* PUSH NOTE : Work TODO.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-05-29-Wednesday.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-05-28-Tuesday.md

* PUSH NOTE : Internal DSpace Instance Setup Log.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-04-23 SSQ and DSpace.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-04-23-Tuesday.md

* PUSH NOTE : DSpace Installation Conclusion.md

* PUSH NOTE : Google Groups Post.md

* PUSH NOTE : Bad Life Troubleshooting Guide.md

* PUSH NOTE : 05-14-24 DSpace Configuration and Issue Resolution Log.md

* PUSH NOTE : Frontend Troubleshooting.md

* PUSH NOTE : Claude Log Wednesday, May 08, 2024.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-05-08-Wednesday.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-05-07-Tuesday.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-05-06-Monday.md

* PUSH NOTE : How I Overcame the SSL Issue.md

* PUSH NOTE : Post-DSpace Backend Installation Checkpoint.md

* PUSH NOTE : AQL Testing and Optimization.md

* PUSH NOTE : External DSpace Re-Skin (PCORnet).md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-06-11 Metadata Meeting.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2024-07-01 PCORnet DSpace Meeting.md

Work Daily Log.md, after:

---
editor-width: 
aliases: []
status: 
tags:
  - Log_WorkLog
  - PCORnet_Projects_DSpace
title: Work Daily Log
date created: Tuesday, July 9th 2024, 9:16:43 am
date modified: Wednesday, July 10th 2024, 9:42:19 am
---

## 2024-07-09-Tuesday Work Log

> [!quote] The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button.
> — Volker Grassmuck

<< [[Work Daily Log|Yesterday]] | [[Work Daily Log|Tomorrow]] >>

_Remember to set any web blocker app (e.g. RescueTime) to Focus Mode to avoid distractions._

_Use cmd+shift+L to switch Periodic Notes Calendar Sets._

---

### Schedule

- [View Work Calendar Here](https://outlook.office.com/calendar/view/week)
- [View Personal Calendar Here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r)

---

## Unfinished Tasks

> [!note]- From Daily Notes
> ```tasks
> not done
> path includes CHOP PCORnet Team/Daily Notes
> limit 5
> created before today
> # explain
> ```

> [!todo]- Work TODO
> ```tasks
> not done
> (path includes CHOP PCORnet Team/) AND (path does not include CHOP PCORnet Team/Quick Access/General Kanban.md) AND (path does not include CHOP PCORnet Team/Daily Notes/)
> limit 5
> # explain
> ```

---

## [[Work Daily Log|Yesterday's]] EOD Review

![[Work Daily Log#End of Day Review|2024-07-08-Monday > End of Day Review]]

## Log

### 2024-07-09 9:41:27am

Alright I love blowing some time at the beginning of the day working on some personal stuff. Today I made a profile GitHub README.md. I wanna finish it out. I also want to update my Obsidian template repo.

- [ ] Flesh out GitHub Profile README.md ➕ 2024-07-09
- [ ] Update Obsidian Template Repo ➕ 2024-07-09
- [ ] Make an Obsidian workflow for both personal and work-related note-taking. ➕ 2024-07-09

Okay. So basically where I left things off is that I was integrating changes. Let's integrate.

## End of Day Review

This is a nightmare.

```sh
ng generate @angular/core:standalone --path src/themes/PCORnet-custom
```

The above command is supposed to convert my theme into "standalone architecture." Instead, it takes me to an emacs screen where I have no idea what I'm doing.

Otherwise, the upgrade is more-or-less complete for PCORnet, I just need to figure out how to port my frontend theme in. It looks like because I'm not that far along, I could just do it manually, but that's a PITA and it doesn't help me/us when we have to inevitably upgrade in the future.

- [x] Complete the EOD Review ➕ 2024-07-09 (@2024-07-09 04:45pm) ✅ 2024-07-09

---

## Index

### Notes Labeled \#TODO



### Notes Created Today



### Notes Last Touched Today
